Mom, Miss Shen is weird
I apologize for Jiamu
I'll stay out of your business affairs
You talk
If you don't speak up again
The order will be completely cancelled at the time of order.
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
I don't dare to talk nonsense anymore
That trash
How did you fascinate Miss Shen?
The amount of this order is huge.
Miss Gao hopes you are in the minority
Don't make any mistakes.
Miss Shen, don't worry.
Our Gao Group has long been fully prepared
Hey
Miss Chen
This order
It was really Xu Wenjie who helped our Gao family ask for it
Who else could it be if it wasn't Mr. Xu?
Miss Chen, Xu Wenjie is just a little white face
What weight can his words carry?
Mr. Xu is the dragon among men
It's a pity that you are tall and blind